Hi all,

In line with what we'll begin talking about in lecture on Tuesday --
and what you'll be doing in Project #2 -- there are a handful of
servers running on one of the machines in the ICS building, which
you can connect to and experiment with (and one of which forms the
basis of your work in Project #2).

Those servers are all running on this machine:

    circinus-32.ics.uci.edu

There are servers listening on a few ports on that machine:

* The "echo" server from tomorrow's lecture is listening on port
5151

* A couple of variants of "echo" (which read a line and respond with
a line, but don't just send back exactly what you sent to them) are
listening on ports 5150 and 5152

* The "polling" server, which we'll see later in the week (or
perhaps on Tuesday, at least a little bit), is listening on port
5501

* The Connect Four server from Project #2 is listening on port 4444

Please note what's written in the notes and in the Project #2
write-up about circinus-32.ics.uci.edu *not* being accesible outside
of the campus network (and this includes some areas on campus,
including some residential areas, and even sometimes on the UCInet
Mobile Access wi-fi network!), so if you're unable to connect to any
of these servers, the first thing to try is the Campus VPN (see the
notes and Project #2 write-up) before contacting us and asking us
why the server isn't running.

If you're connected via the Campus VPN -- the "Software VPN", not
the web-only one that runs in a browser -- and you still can't
connect to the servers, that's something we want to know about,
because it probably means the servers have been shut down and I need
to restart them (this happens occasionally, but is fairly rare).
But please use the VPN before reporting a connectivity issue; 90+%
of the mails I get about connectivity issues are not because the
servers are down, but because of the need for the VPN.